[OUDS] Update Tags to v1.4 after tokens update (#3201)
Orange-OpenSource/Orange-Boosted-Bootstrap: site/src/content/docs/components/tags.mdx

  </li>
</ul>

For both types of tag, OUDS Web has a common basic `.tag` class that sets up default styles.

<Example showToolbar={false} code={`<p class="tag">Tag</p>`} />

<Example showToolbar={false} code={`<button type="button" class="tag tag-input">Input tag<span class="visually-hidden">Remove this tag</span></button>`} />

### Accessibility

> For accessibility reasons, any informative element, must either be a semantic element itself or be wrapped in an appropriate semantic HTML element. In the examples below, the tags appear as `<li>` elements or inside of `<h2>` or `<p>` elements. The input tags are implemented as `<button>` elements. You may use any semantic element that best fits the context.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For accessibility reasons, any informative element, must either be a semantic element itself or be wrapped in an appropriate semantic HTML element. In the examples below, the tags appear as `<li>` elements or inside `<h2>` or `<p>` elements. The input tags are implemented as `<button>` elements. You may use any semantic element that best fits the context.
```

Keep in mind that visually impaired and blind users will lack the visual context (color for instance) that permits to understand the tags purpose on the page, if tags' labels are not self-explanatory. In thas case, it's mandatory to add textual information to explain what it represents, especially if the tags are in a list.

*For tag and input tag lists: add a semantically informative text to describe the list purpose* if possible, otherwise an `aria-label` on the containing `<ul>` or `<ol>` must be added.

Several examples are provided below but they will need to be adapted for actual use cases.

## Tag

A tag is a small element that shows short info like a label, keyword, or category. It helps users quickly find, group, or understand content. Tags can include icons or bullets.

### Overview

<Callout type="warning" name="warning-tag-lists-accessibility" />

> <Example buttonLabel="default tags" code={`<ul class="list-unstyled d-flex column-gap-xsmall" aria-label="Mobile coverage">

Reviewer: Maybe we should have a full-a11y example with a `h4` title for the list here like the first example for filter chip

  </ul>`
} />

### Variants

#### Status and appearance

> Tags have status depending on the context of the information they represent. Each state is designed to convey a specific meaning and ensure clarity in communication. Their appearance can be emphasized (by default, for key tags) or muted (by adding `.tag-muted`, for secondary tags).

Reviewer: I see it comes directly from Figma but this paragraph is very difficult to understand... I make this suggestion but I'm not convinced in any case. You can use it or not.

```suggestion
Tags hold status depending on the context of the information they represent. Each status is designed to convey a specific meaning and ensure clarity in communication. Their appearance can be emphasized for main tags or muted for secondary tags (by adding `.tag-muted`). They are emphasized by default.
```

##### Non-functional

> Non-functional tags are used to display categories, default states, or to draw attention without carrying a specific functional meaning (unlike functional tags, see juste below).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Non-functional tags are used to display categories, default states, or to draw attention without carrying a specific functional meaning (unlike functional tags, see below).
```

    <li class="tag">Label 6</li>
  </ul>`} />

## <svg class="hl-small-icon me-scaled-2xsmall mb-xsmall" width="1rem" height="1rem" aria-hidden="true"><use xlink:href="/orange/docs/0.5/assets/img/ouds-web-sprite.svg#component-atom" /></svg>Input tag

> A input tag is a component that allows users to enter multiple values, each represented as a tag. As users type and submit values (usually by pressing enter, comma, or tab), each value is transformed into a tag. Input tags are often used for adding labels, categories, or participants. They typically support removing individual tags.

Reviewer 2: In the MDN they says "an input" : https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Reference/Elements/input
No occurence of "a input" in the page. This website seems to use "an input" too : https://www.a-or-an.com/a_an/input
